



Secondary Mission
EXTEND BATTLE LINES
The battleground is won one yard at a time. Continue to establish a strong military presence in the area.

At the end of your turn, if you control one or more objective markers in your own deployment zone and you also control one or more objective markers in No Man’s Land, this Secondary Mission is achieved and you score 5VP.

If you only have one unit remaining in your army, then this Secondary Mission is instead achieved at the end of your turn if that unit controls one objective marker in No Man’s Land, but in this instance you score 2VP instead of 5VP.






Secondary Mission (fixed)
DEPLOY TELEPORT HOMER
An allied fleet approaches ready to launch a full-scale invasion of this planet. If our vanguard forces deploy a series of teleport homers and landing beacons deep within enemy territory, troops aboard our ships will be able to launch a deadly surprise assault from orbit.

In your Shooting phase, you can select one unit from your army that is not Battle-shocked and is eligible to shoot. Until the end of your turn, that unit is not eligible to shoot or declare a charge.

At the end of your turn, if that unit is within your opponent’s deployment zone, or within 6" of the centre of the battlefield, it deploys a teleport homer at that location, this Secondary Mission is achieved and you score a number of VP depending on where the teleport homer was deployed, as follows:
Centre of battlefield = 3VP.
Opponent’s deployment zone = 4VP if you are using Fixed Missions, or 5VP if you are using Tactical Missions.




Secondary Mission (fixed)
BEHIND ENEMY LINES
Break through the foe’s army and cut off their lines of escape.

At the end of your turn, if two or more units from your army (excluding AIRCRAFT) are wholly within your opponent’s deployment zone, this Secondary Mission is achieved and you score 4VP (or 5VP if you are using Tactical Missions).

If, at the end of your turn, only one unit from your army (excluding AIRCRAFT) is wholly within your opponent’s deployment zone, then this Secondary Mission is still achieved, but in this instance you score 3VP instead of 4VP (or instead of 5VP).



Secondary Mission
INVESTIGATE SIGNALS
Our fleet has received a mysterious signal in this war zone, and its source has been identified as originating somewhere in the vicinity of this battlefield. Locate and secure it without delay.

In your Shooting phase, you can select one or more units from your army that are not Battle-shocked and are eligible to shoot. Until the end of your turn, the units you selected are not eligible to shoot or declare a charge.

At the end of your turn, each comer of the battlefield that has one or more of these selected units wholly within 9" of it is scanned by your army.

If one or more corners are scanned by your army, this Secondary Mission is achieved and you score 2VP for each corner scanned by your army this turn.




Secondary Mission fixed
ASSASSINATION
The enemy looks to their champions for courage. Identify and eliminate them with extreme prejudice.

If you are using Fixed Missions, then while this Secondary Mission is active, each time an enemy CHARACTER model is destroyed, you score 4VP.

If you are using Tactical Missions, then at the end of the turn, if either of the conditions below are satisfied, this Secondary Mission is achieved and you score 5VP:
One or more enemy CHARACTER units were destroyed during this turn.
All CHARACTER units from your opponent’s Army Roster have been destroyed during the battle.
Note that if you are using Tactical Missions, this Secondary Mission is achieved even if such a unit was destroyed and then subsequently resurrected for any reason.





Secondary Mission
NO PRISONERS
Exterminate your enemies.

While this Secondary Mission is active, each time an enemy unit is destroyed, you score 2VP (to a maximum of 5VP).

Note that VP are scored even if such a unit is destroyed and then subsequently resurrected for any reason. If you score any VP from this Secondary Mission during a turn, then at the end of that turn this Secondary Mission is achieved.




Secondary Mission fixed
BRING IT DOWN
The opposing army contains numerous heavily armoured units. Take any opportunity to bring them down.

While this Secondary Mission is active, each time an enemy MONSTER or VEHICLE model is destroyed, you score 2VP and an extra 1VP for each of the conditions below that are satisfied (all are cumulative):
The destroyed model had a Wounds characteristic of 10+.
The destroyed model had a Wounds characteristic of 15+.
The destroyed model had a Wounds characteristic of 20+.
Note that VP are scored even if such a model is destroyed and then subsequently resurrected for any reason. If you score any VP from this Secondary Mission during a turn, then at the end of that turn this Secondary Mission is achieved.

If you are using Tactical Missions, then when this Secondary Mission is achieved you score an extra 1VP. However, if you are using Tactical Missions, you cannot score more than 8VP in total from this Secondary Mission.



Secondary Mission
DEFEND STRONGHOLD
You are charged with the defence of a key objective. It must not be permitted to fall into enemy hands.

At the end of your opponent’s turn, or at the end of the battle (whichever comes first), if you control one or more objective markers in your own deployment zone, this Secondary Mission is achieved and you score 3VP.

This Secondary Mission cannot be achieved during the first battle round; if you draw this Secondary Mission card during the first battle round, draw a new Secondary Mission card and shuffle this Secondary Mission card back into your Secondary Mission deck.



Secondary Mission
OVERWHELMING FORCE
Scour the enemy from the face of the battlefield.

While this Secondary Mission is active, each time an enemy unit that started the turn within range of an objective marker is destroyed, you score 3VP (to a maximum of 5VP).

Note that VP are scored even if such a unit is destroyed and then subsequently resurrected for any reason. If you score any VP from this Secondary Mission during a turn, then at the end of that turn this Secondary Mission is achieved.




Secondary Mission  fixed
ENGAGE ON ALL FRONTS
This area is of extreme importance. You are to lead an immediate all-out assault to capture it and deny it to our enemy for good.

At the end of your turn, if you have one or more qualifying units (see below) from your army wholly within three or more different table quarters, and those units are all more than 3" away from any other table quarter, this Secondary Mission is achieved and you score 4VP if you have qualifying units in four different table quarters, or 2VP if you have qualifying units in three different table quarters.

While a unit is Battle-shocked, it is not a qualifying unit.

If, when you draw this Secondary Mission card, you only have one or two qualifying units remaining in your army, you can discard this Secondary Mission card and draw a new Secondary Mission card.

If you are using Tactical Missions, then when this Secondary Mission is achieved you score an extra 1VP (for a maximum of 5VP).





Secondary Mission
SECURE NO MAN’S LAND
You must advance swiftly into no man’s land and seize it before the enemy can, lest they take control of the entire battlefield.

At the end of your turn, if you control two or more objective markers in No Man’s Land, this Secondary Mission is achieved and you score 5VP.

If, at the end of your turn, you only control one objective marker in No Man’s Land, this Secondary Mission is still achieved, but in this instance you score 2VP instead of 5VP.



Secondary Mission fixed
STORM HOSTILE OBJECTIVE
Dominate the field of battle. Storm every site of tactical import and leave the foe with no place to hide.

At the end of your turn, if either of the below conditions are satisfied, this Secondary Mission is achieved and you score 4VP if you are using Fixed Missions, or 5VP if you are using Tactical Missions:
You control one or more objective markers that were controlled by your opponent at the start of your turn.
Your opponent did not control any objective markers at the start of your turn and you control one or more objective markers that you did not control at the start of your turn.
This Secondary Mission cannot be achieved during the first battle round; if you randomly drew this Secondary Mission card during the first battle round, draw a new Secondary Mission card and shuffle this Secondary Mission card back into your Secondary Mission deck.



Secondary Mission
AREA DENIAL
It is critical that this area is dominated. No enemy vanguard or guerrilla units can be allowed to disrupt our plans.

At the end of your turn, if one or more units from your army (excluding Battle-shocked units) are wholly within 6" of the centre of the battlefield, and there are no enemy units wholly within 6" of the centre of the battlefield, this Secondary Mission is achieved and you score 5VP.

If, at the end of your turn, there are one or more enemy units wholly within 6" of the centre of the battlefield, but there are no enemy units within 3" of the centre of the battlefield, then this Secondary Mission is still achieved, but in this instance you score 3VP instead of 5VP.







Secondary Mission
A TEMPTING TARGET
An opportunity to seize a valuable asset has been identified, but the enemy are likely to use it as bait in a trap. Move to secure the site, but be wary of enemy ambushes.

When this Secondary Mission card is drawn, your opponent must select one objective marker in No Man’s Land.

At the end of your turn, if you control that selected objective marker, this Secondary Mission is achieved and you score 5VP.



Secondary Mission
CAPTURE ENEMY OUTPOST
A vital objective has been identified in your vicinity, but it is currently held by the enemy. You are ordered to capture it at any cost.

At the end of your turn, if you control one or more objective markers in your opponent’s deployment zone, this Secondary Mission is achieved and you score 8VP.





Secondary Mission fixed
CLEANSE
The objectives in this area have been tainted and must be cleansed with ritual and purifying flame.

In your Shooting phase, you can select one or more units from your army that are not Battle-shocked and are eligible to shoot. Until the end of your turn, the units you selected are not eligible to shoot or declare a charge.

At the end of your turn, each objective marker that is not within your deployment zone that you control that has one or more of these selected units within range is cleansed by your army.

If one or more objective markers are cleansed by your army this turn, this Secondary Mission is achieved and you score a number of VP depending on the number of objective markers cleansed by your army this turn, as follows:
1 objective marker cleansed = 2VP if you are using Fixed Missions, or 3VP if you are using Tactical Missions.
2 or more objective markers cleansed = 4VP if you are using Fixed Missions, or 5VP if you are using Tactical Missions.




