

Mission Rule
INSPIRED LEADERSHIP
Few sights set such an inspiring example upon the battlefield than a commander leading from the verg front, wreathed in glory and stained with gore.

While a player’s WARLORD is not within their deployment zone, each time a unit from that player’s army takes a Battle-shock test, if that player’s WARLORD is within 9" of and visible to that unit, add 1 to that test.









Mission Rule
RAISE BANNERS
It is not enough this day simply to defeat the foe. Instead you must raise your banners high, announcing your conquests to all who witness them.

At the end of each player’s turn, if a BATTLELINE unit from their army is within range of an objective marker that player controls, that unit raises a banner on that objective marker: that player scores 1VP (which is counted towards their Secondary Mission score), and that player’s units can no longer raise a banner on that objective marker.






Mission Rule
RAPID ESCALATION
Armies hurl themselves recklessly into what is swiftly becoming a maelstrom of battle. With every passing moment, the flames of conflict rage higher.

In the first battle round, each player can set up BATTLELINE units from Strategic Reserves in the Reinforcements step of their Movement phase. If they do, those units must be set up wholly within 6" of any battlefield edge, but no model in those units can be set up within the enemy deployment zone.

The points total of the units a player can set up in this way cannot exceed 10% of their total points limit for the chosen battle size, as shown below.

BATTLE SIZE	MAXIMUM POINTS TOTAL OF STRATEGIC RESERVES UNITS
Incursion	100 pts
Strike Force	200 pts
Onslaught	300 pts





Mission Rule
STALWARTS
This is not a time for gilded glory, but instead it is the hour when the mud-spattered, blood-drenched rank and file step forward and prove their worth.

BATTLELINE units that perform an Action are still eligible to shoot in that turn (but cannot start to perform another Action in that turn), and BATTLELINE units can perform Actions while within Engagement Range of one or more enemy units.





Mission Rule
ADAPT OR DIE
On this changing battlefield, only a commander who can adapt their strategy swiftly and decisively stands any chance of seizing victory.

FOR PLAYERS USING FIXED MISSIONS
Once per battle, at the end of that player’s turn, after scoring any VP, they can discard one of their Secondary Mission cards and replace it with another Secondary Mission card that has the Fixed Mission symbol.

FOR PLAYERS USING TACTICAL MISSIONS
Twice per battle, after drawing a Secondary Mission card, that player can draw another Secondary Mission card, then shuffle one of those two Secondary Mission cards back into their Secondary Mission deck.



Mission Rule
SMOKE AND MIRRORS
Be it through technological trickery, sorcerous illusion or sheer cunning, both commanders seek to outfox and outmanoeuvre the other.

After both players have deployed their armies, starting with the Attacker, each player can place one unit from their army that is on the battlefield into Strategic Reserves, regardless of how many units are already in Strategic Reserves.

The points value of such a unit cannot exceed 25% of each player’s total points limit for the chosen battle size, as shown below.

BATTLE SIZE	MAXIMUM POINTS VALUE OF UNIT
Incursion	250 pts
Strike Force	500 pts
Onslaught	750 pts




Mission Rule
SWIFT ACTION
Time is running out. Cataclysm approaches on an unimaginable scale. In the face of such terrors, every warrior fights with the speed and fury of desperation.

BATTLELINE units that Advance or Fall Back are still eligible to perform an Action in that turn.




Mission Rule
HIDDEN SUPPLIES
Reconnaissance units have uncovered a hidden cache of ammunition, fuel and rations in this war zone.

When Drawn: If you also drew The Ritual Primary Mission card, discard this Mission Rule card and draw a new Mission Rule card.

In the Place Objective Markers step, players must set up one additional objective marker in No Man’s Land.

Before setting up this new objective marker, players must first move the objective marker in the centre of the battlefield 6" directly towards one of the corners of the battlefield (if No Man’s Land touches any of the corners of the battlefield, you must move the objective marker towards one of those corners). Otherwise, the players roll-off, and the winner selects which corner the objective marker is moved towards. Players then set up the new objective marker 6" from the centre of the battlefield towards the diagonally opposite corner of the battlefield to the previously moved objective marker.



Mission Rule
FOG OF WAR
Due to strange atmospheric conditions or supernatural phenomena, confusion abounds. Enemy positions are unknown, and you dare not commit your resources blindly.

In the first battle round, units have the Benefit of Cover, and players cannot use Core Stratagems (excluding the New Orders Stratagem).




Mission Rule
PREPARED POSITIONS
This is a battle long in the offing, a fight for which both commanders have had ample time to prepare both their warriors and their defences.

Players can target their BATTLELINE units with the Go to Ground and Heroic Intervention Stratagems for 0CP (but cannot do so if they have already used that Stratagem on a different unit that turn).




















